So we created the single quote component, we got the quotes props being passed into quote grid
from the app file,
so with that here in the quote grid, I can simply use this single quote.
Therefore of course I have to import it from the quote.vue file and I have to register it in the
components property of this object here.
Now here I simply will assign app quote as a selector quote, like this and then I'll use it, app
quote. Of course I want to use v-for on this component here and on the form, I want to loop through
all my quotes.
Now for that, I will simply say quote in quotes and now I want to pass the content with simple string interpolation
between the opening and closing tag of app quote because I want to use the slot thereafter.
So here I will pass quote like that and if I save this,
well we don't see anything because in my app.vue file, I'm not using this,
so let's go to the app.vue file and import the quote grid there from the components folder and then
QuoteGrid.vue file
and let's register it there as a component too.
So in the components property, we want to have our app quote grid which refers to this imported quote
grid
and then I can simply say app quote grid in the container.
Now I need to pass the quotes to that,
so here I'll add a property, quotes, this attribute to the app quote grid selector because I'm expecting
quotes as props here and then quotes is bound with a colon at the beginning to the quotes array in there,
so I'm passing the array to the quote grid.
Now when I save this, we see that single quote,
not super beautiful right now but we're getting there.